The Japanese yen for commerce is still well known.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
He didnt understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
A dead duck doesnt fly backward,The crowd was very noisy.
Im a living furnac,The crowd was very noisy.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
Theres a reason that roses have thorns.
Im a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
We should play with legos at camp, The crowd was very noisy.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other peoples food.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
Your mission is not just difficult, it is impossible, The crowd was very noisy.
This place is full of smart people, The crowd was very noisy.
I am thinking positively about the future.
I have been busier these days due to having a lot on my plate.
That component of your goal is dispensable ergo frivolous.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
Its not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
It was going to rain. The weather forecast didn't say that,
but the steel plate in his hip did. He had learned over the years to trust his hip over the weatherman.
It was going to rain, so he better get outside and prepare.
